 Hello guys, I am Pradeep from WScriptic Asim Python series start with our first topic Python introduction. What we will do in the introduction? I will explain it today. I will explain it today. We will see what is Python. History of Python, Reatures of Python.  application and who are you with?  What is Python? What is Python? We will see Python. What is Python? What is Python? What is Python? What is Python? What is Python? What is Python? What is Python? What is Python? What is it?  the price of the project is high level programming language and dynamic semantics. Now, the dynamic semantics is also what I will tell you about. The higher level programming language is, and this is also used for the general purpose. And you can also use the Python to use the Python. Now, you can see the input of the  The user is the Interpreter, the object is the order programming, the high level programming language, and the dynamic is the same. You understand this, right? Look, you can also do the C++, you can also do the programming language, and you can also compare it to the one I'm playing with. First of all, the Interpreter is the meaning of the Interpreter.  If you have a program like this, I will show you the program that I have taken. Now, I have taken the code in the code.  So, if you are in the line line, you can read the line line. And when you get the error, you can stop the error. If you get the error in the second line, you can get the error in the first line. And then you can get the error in the second line. Now, this is the error in the first line.  The compiler is working on the compiler. The compiler is working on the whole program. If you are in 5th place, you have to do the same thing. You will have to do the same thing.  The other side of the line is the same as the other side of the line.  You can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see that the app is open, you can see  The problem is that the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and the object is oriented and  program which I am very curious about. So, this is a high level program. Like I have written a 1.210. So, you are considering a 1.2K sign of a 1.2K sign. So, this is a high level program. So, high level program is written in which the  So, this is the whole part of the program.  If you have a data type, you can find out the data type.  type of type of type.  Now I have to print the phone and print the phone. I will print the phone with a phone. Now if you are using C++, then you have to print the phone.  So, the number of ads is to be displayed. So, as soon as I got a call to tell you, I got a B call to 20. And here you have the print A plus B. Now, the print A plus B is written on this answer. What is the answer? The answer is 30. Here you have to use the credit bracket. Here you have the indentation and white space.  you can use the same code as the other programming.  So, you can implement it. So, interpret it, object oriented, high level and dynamic cementics. You can understand what is the meaning of this. And the contrast is that the code is given by the code. But the history of Python is that the Python was the first in the early 1980s, and the reason why the use of the game was introduced  The first version we started in the first version was in 1991. In 1991, I was in the middle of the year, when I was in 1994, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year, I was in the middle of the year  If you can do 3.8 points, you can use the program.  The python 2.x is very feature-free. The car is also collection-free. The whole feature is set. The program is set. The python 3.x is set. The program is set.  the features.  If you are interested in the app, you can download the app from the website and install the app in the package. You can install it in your program. It is a very good library. You can use it in the app.  So, you can also use the software for the software.  You can see that the two platforms will work.  So, if you can use the object to the object, you can use it as a simple object. So, this is the way to work. So, if you can implement the object and the object in a simple process, you can implement it.  Programming will be available in the future.  I will show you the link in the description box.  So, what is the use of this app?  Let's see what application and Python can be made. First, you can use the programming for networking. You can use data analysis, robotics.  the device.  You can use all the other processors you can use. But the machine learning and artificial intelligence is also used for 3D applications. Video software development is used for the real CPU. You can tell us what company Python is using.  Google uses Netflix Facebook, YouTube, NASA, Dropbox, and Torrent Instagram and NSA. You can use it when you are doing a little bit. You can use it when you are doing a little bit. But Netflix uses the video on the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover of the cover  This book is called the Large Data of the amount. The large data of the amount is to handle the Python. YouTube recommends the system to use the Python. If you use the scientific calculation, the Python is used. Here, the Torrent App to Pair Connection  to use Python.  So, this company, I personally know that you know a lot of companies that are using Python and writing for readability. And this is why they use scientific calculations for this company. So, this company, I personally know that many companies use Python and use it. And if you have a question, what do you think about this?  I have explained that what is Python history is, features, application and a lot of other companies use Python. Thank you so much.  you